hello
um hello everyone welcome to this live
stream this is one of my first live
streams actually is the first live
stream using an iPhone and this is my
first life a live streaming a long time
and on my American Channel
hello I just made a live stream on the
Instagram preparing my dinner and then
Instagram told me that my life she was
still long and they just shut it down so
I came here hello again from Instagram
yeah I see people coming back that's
cool yeah um so I'm thinking of making
these regular like regularly coming here
and answering you questions about what
ever you want to ask me um like city
broad so yeah - Brazil I see a very good
geography I see different languages yeah
if you guys could tell me where you're
from that would be really helpful and
especially tell you what time is it
knowing your country Russia Siberia and
Nepal India here is midnight cute bye is
that a country hi from Costa Rica India
China Philippines so we're getting Asia
right Venezuela okay just South America
London six am yeah for London that's a
little too early right this sounds a
little Charlie Japan 2 p.m. Korea
hello Korea India Pakistan Kyrgyzstan
Brazil Kazan Russia China okay so yeah
the geography is pretty cool st.
Petersburg custom-bike Bangladesh Brazil
Sudan Malaysia India yeah so the
geography is pretty cool
maybe yeah we better if we could do like
my morning time your evening time but
we'll figure it out so I'll just up to a
second one sometime next week and see
how many people were getting so the
topic today
no topic just answering you questions
whichever questions you have maybe like
study abroad or learning languages or
live in the in the United States
meanwhile I mean while I'm making my tea
I'm making Earl Grey from Russia I was
learning math but I started to watch
your life thank you really appreciate it
plans to visit London maybe yeah London
is a good place for business
NYC hello New York how to master Deutsch
grammar so it's actually a lot um it
takes a lot of practice for German you
just need to like do your exercises over
and over and over and over again like
many many times and that's the only way
to get grammar into your brain and to
memorize things and then to be able to
use them in your daily life
so my battery is going down so let me
just turn with my charger and I would
really appreciate guys if you give me a
like because this way I know that you
like the livestream um
I'm also learning maths what are you
carrying the Burstein so I'm running my
business
what about learning Portuguese and come
to Brazil haha yeah so yeah the
languages that I know now are Russian
English and German do you have any
information about cell-to-cell taste
this language English teaching exam as
possible to guess masters in the USA if
you had bad marks yes it is possible you
can find a little lower ranking
universities that accept you with the
lower grades the gates escape where did
you learn most of your deutsch so I
learned I spent a lot of time learning
it in Russia but when I came to Germany
and I have this video about learning
German when I came to Germany to a
language school this is when I made the
most progress Oh
well there are so many questions I'm
missing like 90% of them but I'll try
okay if I missed your question
you can repeat each Markovic equipo de
MIDI danke
what about Education Canada um really
good education cheaper than in the
States
but at the same time if you're looking
for some kind of financial assistance
Canada is not that generous compared to
the United States
hello is Ben from Earth Siraj hello
asteroid master is aerospace a lot
cheaper oh yeah masters in aerospace we
actually have a couple of clients this
year who got accepted to masters in
aerospace engineering which is great and
I think it's a great achievement for
them consider Freud who said brilliant
so yeah when I was in Berlin um I went
to meet a professor in the fryer
whenever said Berlin he was like why is
this girl what is this girl willing to
see me because I wanted to do an
exchange semester there but I think he
wasn't really impressed by my progress
so he was like what is going on which
universe is the best medical studies you
can actually Google you can go to Google
and look for University this is the best
medical studies and you will find out
that in San Francisco oh sorry in the
United States
it's Harvard Harvard Medical School how
much time to spend in an
english-speaking country to feel some
progress the minimum is two weeks and
this is when you would feel that like
wow is that the real language because
what you're learning at school right now
what you're learning at home is
completely different from what the real
language sounds like so once you come to
a english-speaking country and you
realize that this is the language you
want to speak this gives you a lot of
motivation and the first week you just
get used to what's happening in that
country and during the second week you
try and embrace the language so I think
two weeks is minimum how do you describe
the culture here and propel out to
California - Alto so the cost really is
all about entrepreneurship is all about
creating new things I'm trying to sit on
the
or because I want to sit and my charger
is requires me to stand oh that's great
yes
Oh follow the cool position okay
which country should I go for learning
dental medical you know what I know a
lot of people come to st. Petersburg
first Medical University and they come
there to do the dental degree because
everywhere else is like super expensive
but if they do it in Russia it's really
good education and in the same time it's
not that expensive so maybe Russia I'm
from when Gladish videos are really
helpful thank you so much it's great to
hear that move to Liverpool a few months
ago and still kind of extend this to us
oh yeah Liverpool is like the craziest
accent there's ever been is it difficult
to get into Stanford MBA oh yeah this is
the hardest MBA that you can think of
it's five percent acceptance rate which
means that if hundred people apply only
five get in so that's the toughest MBA
program to get in hey you
please suggest the best university for
studying physics Stanford Harvard really
depends like again we're only
interesting a new University you need to
consider several factors like the first
thing you need to look at the rankings
because Harvard could be the first in
medicine but it can be like even not in
top ten in engineering but I don't know
that I'm just giving you an example and
then you need to consider which exams
you need to take how hard it is to get
into the University I will consider MIT
and Caltech for physics yeah that's a
good choice ETH Zurich yeah which
language is preferable when you're going
to pursue mass media advertising English
I think everything connected with
advertising economics is very good in
the States
they look very cute things how do I
apply to 500 startups how does the
procedure look like you go to 500 Coe
and you fill in the questionnaire there
you look so Brazilian
Thanks any plan to China hopefully how
many business projects do you have just
one just Lima trip that's all that I
have and I have two YouTube channels one
is this one and one is in Russian which
is the best American poet to you and the
best movie I really like the movie
called the inception with DiCaprio
when will the broke the broadcast in
Russian is Thursdays 8 p.m. Moscow time
but in brush up in English I'm trying to
figure it out I want to do it regularly
and I'm trying to figure out the right
time for the broadcast so right now we
have 162 people which i think is I want
to see like around 300 so we'll figure
out the best time for it and again guys
if you like the livestream don't forget
to like because it's really important
for me to see that you're enjoying the
content and it gives me away
ways and ideas to improve not you hear
you German accent okay
hello my native of Kwanzaa here sniffing
coming up my name canal Jota is
high-tech and Morgan very singing espera
and lead who I am
he magician film ah Martin yeah here's
my German it's very like it's okay but I
feel that it's kind of fade in a way
because I'm not using it
you look tired and sleeping uh maybe are
you planning to do a meeting in New York
Nevada yes
22nd July guys by the way 22nd July this
year we have a meet up in New York in
Alice a language school and it's gonna
be all over the all over my channels all
of my social media in a couple of weeks
but right now it's just the information
given to you so if you are planning to
come to New York
blend it around July because you get to
see me
we're gonna hang out together and we're
gonna have fun so um do I need job
experience to take on North America
yeah job experience is good like it's
helpful reply okay guys
I'm missing like 50% of the questions
right now oh I like those Japanese signs
I want to know more about integrated
embassy sorry I'll see you in New York
oh it's great that you're coming if you
guys are from New York you're more than
welcome to come okay
hi marina you're very funny okay okay
I'm trying to block this one yes a
blonde one night okay what what is the
future of h-1b visa oh I don't know like
seriously guys my visa is a1
extraordinary talent visa so I never
applied for h-1b I don't know what's
happening to it
I left New York already come back in
July yeah um do will meet me if I come
to New York if you come in July 22nd yes
we're all gonna meet I have to be
fluently to take TOEFL test yeah well
you can take TOEFL test with any you can
take it today the question is will you
be able to use it for university
admissions if not then maybe you should
wait and wait till your English is high
enough to well till it's better to take
a test yeah guys I would appreciate like
if you tell me what's the best time for
a live stream and for those who will be
watching this in the recording if you
can tell me whether like weekday is
better or weekend is better night or
morning I was trying to say Morgan and
what time is better and which country
you from so I can kind of adapt that's
important I want to study in Germany
watch had your first learn in German
because if you know German the education
be completely free and this is what
actually motivated me to
chairman where am I originally from I'm
from Russia
saint-petersburg we unite Thailand
okay we're from Thailand by the way are
you I was in Thailand like five times
say hi to Chile
hi how long a parameter to stay on oh
one so my petition was approved for
three years but you can renew could you
tell me the request PhD admission
saint-petersburg mine University um you
should check out on their website it's
better okay 11 a.m. ah love from Turkey
hi Turkey the Domino in Brazil is 230
okay yeah that's that's decent right I'm
230 on Saturday
you're so cute thank you hi I actually
have my tea here I was like because I'm
talking to you guys so I was live
streaming on Instagram for like an hour
okay half an hour please tell me how
much the cost of setting medical in you
off how does time to be independent what
is your major economics and math CSM
russian 100% russian thank you so much -
tokyo hi tokyo
oh you you score at 85 and TOEFL
Congrats that's a good score and it can
help you to get into little universities
Brazil - pH Philippines - by 6 a.m. in
UK yeah I realize it's a little too
early for the UK maybe we should do it
California evening time see you have OH
California morning times here have you
want to know procedure how to get into
Harvard University so it depends on the
program again if it's masters you need
to take Jerry or GMAT and then TOEFL and
you need to apply a year prior to the
startup program and there's a lot and a
lot of preparation so it's not like you
oh I want to apply to Harvard and you go
into play you need to take around a year
to make sure you exam score is good
enough to make sure your TOEFL is good
enough to make sure you have a great
portfolio
hi Russia hi from Mexico but nobody
worries no bad words here because I'm
blocking people words see what time
there it's 10 p.m. and I'm nearly off to
bed but I just wanted to talk to you
before I go to bed hello from Shanghai -
hi by the way guys in China how do you
access YouTube do you do you all use VPN
like really and if you could check if
you can access lngua trip.com from
china they'll be helpful because we see
a lot of Chinese clients using our
platform and then we see some people
from China who tell us that they cannot
access it so I guess it depends on where
in China you are
there's Hong Kong there is Shanghai
hello VPN absolutely ok - Turkey hi can
you repeat the question sorry I'm
getting too too many here was the secret
for perfect skin I don't know you need
to clean it
you're so cute thank you which is the
best a risk of civil engineering what
okay so you need to Google that civil
engineering masters the United States
and you will have the whole rending
ranking for that procedure to get into
Harvard okay that is also like be more
specific guys if you are asking about a
university please specify the program
hmm a lot of emojis hi I've daily
routine so I wake up 9:30 a.m. or a 30 M
depends on how I felt last night I
opened my iPhone and I have like 80
messages from a team in Russia and
because we have like people all over the
world and they're normally in Europe
time zone and I check all the messages
like it I get something around 70 to 80
and it take like five minutes to check
them with nothing is urgent then I'm
checking my email I'm checking my
Instagram I'm checking comments in
YouTube and then I have breakfast really
quick because normally my education
consultations that I do start at 10:00
a.m. and then I have them like till 2:00
p.m. and then I have my lunch and then I
work on linguae trip or quote videos
that really depends on the day of the
week but today like what I had today it
said three consultations then I had
lunch and then I recorded two videos I
like Brazil why why not of course I like
Brazil which workout do you do I do yoga
hey what's up many questions uh I was
wondering if I can stop it oh yeah I can
okay sorry
can you tell me the story when you
started your company I'm interested in
making startups so my last video is
actually about creating a start-up like
the difficulties that you go through so
my story was I was 21 I loved what I did
I loved study abroad because I went to
Germany to study German I was like oh my
god the system is so broken I needed to
go to an agency or to the school
directly and I wanted like a platform
when I can compare all of the courses so
we decided to start as a small
educational agency with the guy who is
starting with me at the same University
and yeah we started first year was
really tough because we didn't have
money we had like 200 dollars to
register company and with the first
client we created a small really basic
website with a second client or like we
did some marketing say yeah and yeah
I'll keep blocking people sorry um so
yeah and then in 2013 we realized that
the only way to grow a company is
actually to go online so we needed to
look
for a CTO for a developer and that's
what we've done and invested like all of
our income into developing a new
platform and then 2015 we've got our
investment but that's a really short
story I need to I have actually I have
the whole video how to start a business
on my channel and I talked about setting
my company I talked about our story and
everything encourage you guys to go
ahead and check it out on YouTube
because this is where I share like our
story in detail and I started in st.
Petersburg seems book State University
in Russia do you reply to emails ah
sometimes but really I I have an
assistant who helps me with the emails
mmm what it took for you to get into the
USA oh wow it took me like two years and
my first idea was to get into an
American University which I did but then
we received an investment I was like wow
this is a better way to to get into the
States
okay I'm taking you to the floor guys um
so tired of sitting like that
uh-uh-uh hola hola
buona notte there bye what can you know
we don't do PT academic training so you
only do Skype session with a general
English TOEFL prep team at Cherry but
not Petey how long was just benefiting
your career oh the language is like my
foreign language is defined me this is
who I am this is a Russian girl speaking
English speaking German this is my life
this is my passion
I'm trying to improve everyday I'm
working on my accent I'm doing
everything I can to improve my language
so yeah languages is will it be a
mistake if I use in TOEFL some British
words no it won't be a mistake
don't worry just make sure it's
consistent so if you are saying lorry
instead of a truck make sure you're
saying lorry in all parts of your TOEFL
exam and so be consistent right if
you're using British English then he's
British
first language other than English must
be learned in the USA Spanish lots of
Spanish people
why didn't you study in Germany I did I
did I have studied in Dresden University
of Technology technician Universidad
tres matamata chef acquitted okay ah
how long is just benefit your career
they define my career as well like
because I was so passionate about
languages I wanted to spread the idea of
traveling and learning languages and
this is how I started my company and all
of our investors well okay 80 80 % of my
investors speak different languages we
have Chinese investors Japanese
investors Taiwanese ambassadors American
investors so yeah Lang which is
everything
how long have you learned English since
I was 4 but for was very basic I learned
like cat and dog okay you're the best
thank you so much so guys what I want
you to do right now if you like the
livestream and if you like the format
please like this stream and I'm gonna
leave it on my channel and the idea is
to have this once a week so you can ask
me all of your questions and I can
answer them because I want to I want
more feedback from you I'm gonna connect
with you more so and if you will be
watching this in the recording please
leave the time that will suit you best
for such a live stream so again thank
you so much
no you're not banned I can see you okay
yeah I'm sorry that I didn't reply your
comment because yeah as I said I'm
getting too much and I can kind of just
like answer everything but we'll do more
live streams I'll do more Q&A thank you
so much for joining me today I'm off to
bed
because tomorrow I'm recording it as I
said I'm recording a song for a Chinese
movie and I'm so excited and I hope you
guys from China are going to see this
movie and you're gonna hear my voice so
thank you so much I'll see you very soon
don't
get to like subscribe and comment have a
going